1.What is Emmet?
Ans:Emment is a plugin for many popular text editors which helps in writing Html code for you webpage.
    It's an essential toolkit for web developers.
    Emmet helps in fast coding.
    You can easily and quickly write bunch of code, wrap code with new tags.
    Emmet is supported by many text editors like VS Code,Sublime Text etc.
    Emmet is opensource.
    Emmet is written in pure javascript. So it works across different platforms.
    
    
2.Difference between a Library and Framework?
Ans:Framework: Framework is collection of lots of apis and libraries.
               Frameworks are built for performing variety of tasks    
               Framework has default behaviour and give you less control on modification.
               They provide standard way to build and deploy program.
               If library is doctor who specializes in one thing then frameworks are hospitals with full of different doctors.
               Example : Angular
              
    Library: Libraries are built to perform specific, well defined operations.
             Library is collection of helper functions, modules and objects
             Libraries ask you to call them to accomplish a task
             You have full control on modification
             They are important in program linking and binding process
             You can think of library as a doctor who specializes in on thing
             Example : JQuery

3.What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans: CDN stands for content delivery network.
     A network of interconnected servers that speed up loading for data heavy applications.
     CDN provides quick tranfer of assests needed for loading internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images and videos.
     The purpose of CDN is to reduce the latency and speed up rendering.
     There are 2 types of CDN.
     1.Content oriented CDN's 2.Security oriented CDN's


4. Why is React known as React?
Ans: React was developed for application(fb) that have constantly changing data.Since React is frontend framework or view in MVC this means that as
    the user clicks around and changes the app's data, the view should react or change with those user events for eg mouse click,typing. That's why react is known
    as React.


5. What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans : The crossorigin attribute on script tag specifies the cors is supppoted when loading and external script file from a thrid party server or domain.
      CORS stands for cross origin resource sharing.
      
      
6.What is diference between React and ReactDOM
Ans: While creating react application we use React and ReactDOM packages.
     The react package hold the react source for react component,state,props and all the code in reacr.
     ReactDOM package as the name implies glue between react package and DOM. Often you use it only for mounting your application in index.html 
     file with ReactDom.render(). 
     

7.What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans: react.development.js is suitable for development and are not suitable for production
     react.production.js is minified and optiomized production version of react
     
     
8. What is async and defer? 
Ans : async and defer are boolean attributes which are used along with script tag to load external scripts efficiently to our webpage.
      async: while html parsing goes on script is fetched in async manner and parallely and as soon as the scripts are available  the script is executed
             the html parsing continues.
       
      defer : while using defer html parsing goes on script if fetched parallelly and only executed once html parsing is completed.
      

    
